Smoke tests (#376)
hapifhir/hapi-fhir-jpaserver-starter: src/test/smoketest/SMOKE_TEST.md

# JPA Server Starter Smoke Tests

---

> When updating the supporting HAPI-FHIR version, or making changes to the JPA server starter code itself, it is sometimes 
> useful to run basic smoke tests to ensure the basic functionality of the server is maintained. The goal of these tests is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When updating the supporting HAPI-FHIR version, or making changes to the JPA server starter code itself, it is recommended to run basic smoke tests to ensure the basic functionality of the server is maintained. The goal of these tests is
```

to provide users a quick way to run groups of tests that correspond to various sections within the 
[HAPI-FHIR documentation][Link-HAPI-FHIR-docs].

### Requirements
Tests are written in IntelliJ [HTTP Client Request files][Link-HTTP-Client-Req-Intro]. Ultimate edition of IntelliJ
is required to run these tests.

For more details on integrated tooling and request syntax, there is [documentation available][Link-HTTP-Client-Req-Exploring]
on the jetbrains website, in addition to the [API reference][Link-HTTP-Client-Req-API].

### Formatting

> As mentioned, each test file corresponds to a given section within the hapifhir documentation as close as possible. For 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each test file corresponds to a given section within the hapifhir documentation as close as possible. For 
```

example, there is a `plain_server.rest` file, which attemps to smoke test all basic functionality outlined in the section
[within the docs][Link-HAPI-FHIR-docs-plain-server].

Individual tests are formatted as follows:
```javascript
### Test Title Here
# <link to relevant documentation>
REST-OPERATION ENDPOINT-URL
// Verification Steps
```

> Users can setup custom environment variables for running tests locally against their own servers. This can be done by
> adding environment information within the `http-client.env.json` file. By default, we provide the following:
> ```json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run these tests against a specific server, configure the server details within the `http-client.env.json` file. By default, we provide the following:
```json
```
